The known encodings are:
@deftp {Encoding} {ASCII} (@file{ascii.edf})
US-ASCII.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {HPRoman} (@file{hp.edf})
The 8 bits Roman encoding for HP.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {IBM-CP437} (@file{ibm-cp437.edf})
This encoding is meant to be used for PC files with drawing lines.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {IBM-CP850} (@file{ibm-cp850.edf})
Several characters may be missing, especially Greek letters and some
mathematical symbols.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-1} (@file{iso1.edf})
The ISO-8859-1 character set, often simply referred to as Latin 1,
covers most West European languages, such as French, Spanish, Catalan,
Basque, Portuguese, Italian, Albanian, Rhaeto-Romanic, Dutch, German,
Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish, Faroese, Icelandic, Irish,
Scottish, and English, incidentally also Afrikaans and Swahili, thus
in effect also the entire American continent, Australia and the
southern two-thirds of Africa. The lack of the ligatures Dutch IJ,
French OE and ,,German`` quotation marks is considered tolerable.

The lack of the new C=-resembling Euro currency symbol U+20AC has
opened the discussion of a new Latin0.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-2} (@file{iso2.edf})
The Latin 2 character set supports the Slavic languages of Central
Europe which use the Latin alphabet. The ISO-8859-2 set is used for
the following languages: Czech, Croat, German, Hungarian, Polish,
Romanian, Slovak and Slovenian.

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-3} (@file{iso3.edf})
This character set is used for Esperanto, Galician, Maltese and Turkish. 

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-4} (@file{iso4.edf})
Some letters were added to the ISO-8859-4 to support languages such as
Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian. It is an incomplete precursor of the
Latin 6 set.

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-5} (@file{iso5.edf})
The ISO-8859-5 set is used for various forms of the Cyrillic
alphabet. It supports Bulgarian, Byelorussian, Macedonian, Serbian and
Ukrainian.

The Cyrillic alphabet was created by St. Cyril in the 9th century from
the upper case letters of the Greek alphabet. The more ancient
Glagolithic (from the ancient Slav glagol, which means "word"), was
created for certain dialects from the lower case Greek letters. These
characters are still used by Dalmatian Catholics in their liturgical
books. The kings of France were sworn in at Reims using a Gospel in
Glagolithic characters attributed to St. Jerome.

Note that Russians seem to prefer the KOI8-R character set to the ISO
set for computer purposes. KOI8-R is composed using the lower half
(the first 128 characters) of the corresponding American ASCII
character set.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-7} (@file{iso7.edf})
ISO-8859-7 was formerly known as ELOT-928 or ECMA-118:1986.  It is
meant for modern Greek.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-9} (@file{iso9.edf})
The ISO 8859-9 set, or Latin 5, replaces the rarely used Icelandic
letters from Latin 1 with Turkish letters.

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-10} (@file{iso10.edf})
Latin 6 (or ISO-8859-10) adds the last letters from Greenlandic and
Lapp which were missing in Latin 4, and thereby covers all
Scandinavia.

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-13} (@file{iso13.edf})
Latin7 (ISO-8859-13) is going to cover the Baltic Rim and re-establish
the Latvian (lv) support lost in Latin6 and may introduce the local
quotation marks.

Support is provided thanks to Ogonkify.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {ISO-8859-15} (@file{iso15.edf})
The new Latin9 nicknamed Latin0 aims to update Latin1 by replacing
some less needed symbols (some fractions and accents) with forgotten
French and Finnish letters and placing the U+20AC Euro sign in the
cell of the former international currency sign.

Very few fonts yet offer the possibility to print the Euro sign.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {KOI8} (@file{koi8.edf})
KOI-8 (+Ëë) is a subset of ISO-IR-111 that can be used in Serbia, Belarus
etc.
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {MS-CP1250} (@file{ms-cp1250.edf})
Microsoft's CP-1250 encoding (aka CeP).
@end deftp

@deftp {Encoding} {Macintosh} (@file{mac.edf})
For the Macintosh encoding.  The support is not sufficient, and a lot
of characters may be missing at the end of the job (especially Greek
letters).
@end deftp

